already replide to: "@drgoodspine: @realDonaldTrump @Ivanka Trump is great, a woman with real character and class." 

already replide to: At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great! 

already replide to: "@levisteveholt: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency." Very dishonest media! 

already replide to: Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was! 

already replide to: much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News? 

already replide to: .@FoxNews "Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really, couldn't do... 

already replide to: .@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television! 

already replide to: about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp; when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize 

already replide to: Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)... 

already replide to: For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!! 

already replide to: will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN! 

already replide to: The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number.. 

already replide to: Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun! 

already replide to: Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get! 

already replide to: INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  @OANN 

already replide to: mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad! 

already replide to: Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to...... 

already replide to: A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support. 

already replide to: The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history! 

already replide to: have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm! 

Complete
